c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClaudetteBot\ClaudetteBot\bin\Debug\ClaudetteBot.exe.config
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClaudetteBot\ClaudetteBot\bin\Debug\ClaudetteBot.exe
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClaudetteBot\ClaudetteBot\bin\Debug\ClaudetteBot.pdb
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClaudetteBot\ClaudetteBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Commands.dll
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClaudetteBot\ClaudetteBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.dll
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClaudetteBot\ClaudetteBot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClaudetteBot\ClaudetteBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.dll
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClaudetteBot\ClaudetteBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.dll
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClaudetteBot\ClaudetteBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.dll
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClaudetteBot\ClaudetteBot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClaudetteBot\ClaudetteBot\bin\Debug\WebSocket4Net.dll
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClaudetteBot\ClaudetteBot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClaudetteBot\ClaudetteBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.xml
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClaudetteBot\ClaudetteBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.xml
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClaudetteBot\ClaudetteBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.xml
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClaudetteBot\ClaudetteBot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClaudetteBot\ClaudetteBot\obj\Debug\ClaudetteBot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClaudetteBot\ClaudetteBot\obj\Debug\ClaudetteBot.exe
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClaudetteBot\ClaudetteBot\obj\Debug\ClaudetteBot.pdb
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClaudetteBot\ClaudetteBot\bin\Debug\memes\meme1.jpg
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClaudetteBot\ClaudetteBot\bin\Debug\memes\meme2.jpg
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClaudetteBot\ClaudetteBot\bin\Debug\memes\meme3.jpg
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClaudetteBot\ClaudetteBot\bin\Debug\memes\meme4.jpg
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClaudetteBot\ClaudetteBot\bin\Debug\memes\meme5.jpg
